# IBM-course-capstone
This capstone from the IBM course features the main elements of a data science project. I define a problem to be solved according to specific criteria. Then, I design and implement a method to solve this problem in te python language. The results are summarized in a report and a powerpoint presentation. The skills involved include web scraping, data wrangling, APIs and machine learning.
The goal of this study is to analyze the amenities available around the busiest airports in the US. 
A first point interest of the analysis consists of clustering the airports according to their surrounding amenities and defining similarities and differences between the clusters.
A second point of interest is to determine hidden dependencies of the clusters on a priori unrelated factors. An example of such factors is the geographical location of the airports. For instance, we might notice some differences in trends according to whether a given airport is located in a coastal area or not, or whether the airport is located in a warm area or a cold area. Another possible dependent factor is the amount of passenger traffic. We could imagine that some amenities might be more pronounced in areas with the most traffic.
The use of foursquare will come into play after gathering the necessary data, in order to fetch the available amenities around each airport considered. 
A possible application of this study could be to give indications to local authorities about which business to promote around their airport in order to develop the currently lacking amenities.
